DOCS-6885 Add Quality Gates Setup, Search + Manage, and Explorer Documentation (#21089)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/quality_gates/explorer/_index.md

{{< /callout >}}

## Overview

The Quality Gates Explorer allows you to [search and filter](#search-and-filter), [visualize](#visualize), and [export](#export) quality gates or rule executions at multiple levels using any tag.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Gates" %}}

Navigate to [**CI** > **Quality Gate Executions**][101] to see your Quality Gates. 
  
{{< img src="/quality_gates/explorer/gates.png" text="Quality Gate rules page" style="width:100%" >}}

The **Quality Gates** panel on the left lists default facets you can use to search for your gates.

| Facet           | Description                                                   |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Status       | The quality gate status: `Passed` or `Failed`.                   |
| Gate ID      | The ID of the quality gate.                                      |

[101]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/quality-gates/executions
[102]: https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists
[103]: https://app.datadoghq.com/notebook/list

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Rule Executions" %}}

Navigate to [**CI** > **Quality Gate Executions**][101] to see your Quality Gate rule executions.

> {{< img src="/quality_gates/explorer/rules.png" text="CI Pipeline Executions page" style="width:100%" >}}

Author: ```suggestion
{{< img src="/quality_gates/explorer/rules.png" text="Quality Gates Rule Executions page" style="width:100%" >}}
```

The **Quality Gates** panel on the left lists default facets you can use to search for your rule executions.

| Facet           | Description                                                   |
|-----------------|---------------------------------------------------------------|
| Status       | The quality gate status: `Passed` or `Failed`.                   |

> | Rule Name    | The name of the quality gate.                                    |

Author: ```suggestion
| Rule Name    | The user-given name to identify a particular rule.                                    |
```

> | Blocking Status | The blocking status of the quality gate: `true` or `false`.   |

Author: ```suggestion
| Blocking Status | Determines whether the rule status causes the CI workflow to fail: `true` or `false`.   |
```

| Creator      | The creator of the quality gate.                                 |

> | Data Source  | The data source of the quality gate.                             |

Author: ```suggestion
| Data Source  | The source of data being evaluated for the rule (tests, static analysis).                             |
```

[101]: https://app.datadoghq.com/ci/quality-gates/executions
[102]: https://app.datadoghq.com/dashboard/lists
[103]: https://app.datadoghq.com/notebook/list

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## Search and filter

You can narrow down, broaden, or shift your focus on a subset of quality gates or rule executions by clicking on the facets to the left or writing your own custom query in the search bar. When you select and deselect facets, the search bar automatically reflects your changes. Similarly, you can modify the search bar query or write a query from scratch in the search bar to select and deselect the facets on the left.

- To learn how to search for quality gate rules, see [Search and Manage][1].
- To learn how to create queries, see [Search Syntax][2].

## Analyze

Group your queried quality gates or rule executions into higher-level entities such as fields, patterns, and transactions in order to derive or consolidate information. By using [facets][3], which you do not need to create to search for attributes, you can accomplish the following actions:

> - Search and keep track of the progress of tests running in a CI/CD pipeline.

Reviewer: Actually, I would replace both of the bullets here with something like:
- Identify trends and patterns in Quality Gate executions - understand which repositories or pipelines are being blocked most often
- Identify trends and patterns in Quality Gate Rule executions - understand which types of rules are failing most often across the organization

> - Investigate every CI/CD job execution to identify and troubleshoot failing Quality Gate rules.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Identify trends and patterns in Quality Gate Rule executions**: Understand which types of rules are failing most often across the organization.
```
